What kind of fairy?
I can see that it is Zhang Shoucheng, this trash
Found monster
Ah, ah, you go and repeat Suzi
The fairy is in front of you
Where are the monsters?
I can't do it anymore.
Teacher save me
Master save me
I don't know what medicine I used to practice tea
Let that witch suck all my essence clean
If you don't save me
The disciple is dying soon, what?
bastard
How could Mr. Zhang cast a demon?
What trouble did you cause me?
The master misunderstood
It's all this Zhang Shoucheng
Sun Daochang just saved Jin'er's life
He's not convinced.
He actually gave Daochang Sun only two hours to live
Ask the master for help
Killed Zhang Shoucheng as a punishment